feat(docs): Independent ticketing system tutorial (#4754)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/getting-started/independent-ticketing-system/frontend.mdx

Reviewer: Could we move this tutorial under a separate item in the Navbar called `Tutorials` perhaps?

Author: Great idea, I brought it up with the team, and for now, we should add them to the sidebar.

---
title: Frontend
description: Tutorial for Independent Ticketing System frontend 
---

# Independent Ticketing System Frontend

> Till now you have build the package contract of Independent ticketing system, its time to create the UI. To create the frontend DApp we use [IOTA dApp kit](../../../ts-sdk/dapp-kit/index.mdx), apart from dApp kit we will also use an external package for client side routing which is react-router-dom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the previous part of this tutorial, you built the [package contract](package.mdx) for the Independent ticketing system. Now, you can create the UI. To create the frontend dApp, we use [IOTA dApp kit](../../../ts-sdk/dapp/index.mdx). Apart from the dApp kit, we will also use an external package for client-side routing, which is react-router-dom.
```

> ### Setup the Frontend dApp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set Up the Frontend dApp
```

> First create an initial react app using the following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, create an initial react app using the following command:
```

```npm2yarn

> npm create vite@latest

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, why not the same start command as with the simple transfer tutorial?

Author: The simple token transfer tutorial command installs the necessary dependencies but doesn't set up the initial code for the IOTA dApp. For beginners, it might be better to stick with the previous approach.

```

> Run the following command to install the [IOTA dApp kit](../../../ts-sdk/dapp-kit), [IOTA SDK](../../../ts-sdk/typescript), and [@tanstack/react-query](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tanstack/react-query) in the react app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command to install the [IOTA dApp kit](../../../ts-sdk/dapp-kit), [IOTA SDK](../../../ts-sdk/typescript), and [@tanstack/react-query](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tanstack/react-query) in the react app:
```

```npm2yarn
npm add @iota/dapp-kit @iota/iota-sdk @tanstack/react-query
```

> ### Setting Up Network Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set Up Network Configuration
```
Or change the previous header to Setting

Author: Sure

Add the following variables in the [`networkConfig.ts`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/main/independent_ticketing_system/Frontend/src/networkConfig.ts) file:

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/4eabf7ef0c74e843d95e1658ae071df34488fd04/independent_ticketing_system/Frontend/src/networkConfig.ts#L1-L27
```

> * All the shared objects mentioned above were generated during the package publishing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should retrieve the shared objects from the transaction digest of the published [package](package.mdx).
```
You could also add a note asking the users to copy these from the digest when you tell them to publish

Please add a link to the particular headder

:::note

> To mint a ticket from the UI, ensure that the IOTA wallet account is added to the IOTA CLI. This should be mentioned in the Simple Token Transfer tutorial.

Reviewer 2: Since that will probably get published before this, leaving this comment to add a link.

Author: Sure, I'll include the path once the token transfer PR is merged.

The `ResellTickets.tsx` component is used for reselling NFTs. It is only utilized when someone resells an NFT listed in the [`OwnedTickets.tsx`](#ownedticketstsx) component.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/4eabf7ef0c74e843d95e1658ae071df34488fd04/independent_ticketing_system/Frontend/src/components/ResellTickets.tsx
```

### [`TransferTickets.tsx`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/main/independent_ticketing_system/Frontend/src/components/TransferTickets.tsx)

The `TransferTickets.tsx` component is used to transfer the ownership of an NFT to another recipient address. Similar to the `BurnTickets.tsx` and `ResellTickets.tsx` components, this component is rendered when someone transfers an NFT from the list of NFTs in the `OwnedTickets.tsx` component.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/4eabf7ef0c74e843d95e1658ae071df34488fd04/independent_ticketing_system/Frontend/src/components/TransferTickets.tsx
```

> - **Deployed Frontend Application**: [Independent Ticketing System](https://independent-ticketing-system.netlify.app/)

Reviewer 2: ❤️

# Independent Ticketing System Frontend

> In the previous part of this tutorial, you built the [package contract](package.mdx) for the Independent ticketing system. Now, you can create the UI. To create the frontend dApp, we use [IOTA dApp kit](../../../ts-sdk/dapp-kit/). Apart from the dApp kit, we will also use an external package for client-side routing, which is react-router-dom.

Reviewer 2: Isn't it the Independent Ticketing System Package?
